There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and those who don't.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware problem.
A SEO couple had twins. For the first time they were happy with duplicate content.
Why is it that programmers always confuse Halloween with Christmas? Because 31 OCT = 25 DEC
Why do they call it hyper text? Too much JAVA.
Why was the JavaScript developer sad? Because he didn't Node how to Express himself
In order to understand recursion you must first understand recursion.
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they can't C#
What do you call 8 hobbits? A hobbyte
Why did the developer go broke? Because he used up all his cache
Why did the geek add body { padding-top: 1000px; } to his Facebook profile? He wanted to keep a low profile.
An SEO expert walks into a bar bars pub tavern public house Irish pub drinks beer alcohol
I would tell you a UDP joke but you might not get it.
8 bytes walk into a bar the bartenders asks What will it be? One of them says "Make us a double".
Two bytes meet. The first byte asks Are you ill? The second byte replies No just feeling a bit off.
Knock knock. Who's there? very long pause...Java.
There's a band called 1023MB. They haven't had any gigs yet.
There are only two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation naming things and off-by-one errors.
If it weren’t for C we’d all be programming in BASI and OBOL.
Computers make very fast very accurate mistakes.
An SQL statement walks into a bar and sees two tables. It approaches and asks “may I join you?”
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None they just change the standard to dark.
If at first you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
I would love to change the world but they won’t give me the source code.
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.
There’s no place like 127.0.0.1
A Life? Cool! Where can I download one of those from?
MACINTOSH stands for Most Applications Crash If Not The Operating System Hangs.
Math problems? Call 1-800-[(10x)(ln(13e))]-[sin(xy)/2.362x]
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Warning keyboard not found. Press Enter to continue.
The truth is out there. Anybody got the URL?
Some things Man was never meant to know. For everything else there’s Google.
The box said ‘Requires Windows Vista or better’. So I installed LINUX.
The code that is the hardest to debug is the code that you know cannot possibly be wrong.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling I’d antialias my graphics!
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
Ubuntu users are apt to get this joke.
An SQL query goes into a bar walks up to two tables and asks 'Can I join you?'
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards one of them will eventually write a Java program. The rest of them will write Perl.
To understand recursion you must first understand recursion.
I suggested holding a 'Python Object Oriented Programming Seminar' but the acronym was unpopular.
'Knock knock.' 'Who's there?' ... very long pause ... 'Java.'
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None that's a hardware problem.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None they just make darkness a standard.
Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks 'Can I get you anything?' 'Yeah' replies the bytes. 'Make us a double.'
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because they didn't get arrays.
Software developers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available they will create their own problems.
Hardware: The part of a computer that you can kick.
A programmer was found dead in the shower. Next to their body was a bottle of shampoo with the instructions 'Lather Rinse and Repeat'.
How come there is not obfuscated Perl contest? Because everyone would win.
If you play a Windows CD backwards you'll hear satanic chanting ... worse still if you play it forwards it installs Windows.
How many programmers does it take to kill a cockroach? Two: one holds the other installs Windows on it.
What do you call a programmer from Finland? Nerdic.
What did the Java code say to the C code? A: You've got no class.
Why did Microsoft name their search engine BING? Because It's Not Google.
Why do programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas? Because OCT 31 == DEC 25.
Waiter: Would you like coffee or tea? Programmer: Yes.
What is Benoit B. Mandelbrot's middle name? Benoit B. Mandelbrot.
Why are you always smiling? That's just my... regular expression.
A programmer had a problem. He thought to himself 'I know I'll solve it with threads!'. has Now problems. two he
Why do sin and tan work? Just cos.
Java: Write once run away.
I would tell you a joke about UDP but you would never get it.
My friend's in a band called '1023 Megabytes'... They haven't got a gig yet!
QA Engineer walks into a bar. Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a sfdeljknesv.
How do you generate a random string? Put a first year Computer Science student in Vim and ask them to save and exit.
I've been using Vim for a long time now mainly because I can't figure out how to exit.
How do you know whether a person is a Vim user? Don't worry they'll tell you.
There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation naming things and off-by-one-errors.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary and those who don't.
There are 2 types of people: those who can extrapolate from incomplete data sets...
There are II types of people: Those who understand Roman Numerals and those who don't.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand hexadecimal and 15 others.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary those who don't and those who were expecting this joke to be in trinary.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand trinary those who don't and those who have never heard of it.
The best thing about a Boolean is even if you are wrong you are only off by a bit.
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.
A programmer crashes a car at the bottom of a hill a bystander asks what happened. He says "No idea. Let's push it back up and try again".
Number of days since I have encountered an array index error: -1.
Microsoft hold a bi-monthly internal "productive week" where they use Google instead of Bing.
Schrodinger's Cat in Web Development: If I don't look at in in Internet Explorer then there's a chance it looks fine.
Unix is user friendly. It's just very particular about who its friends are.
An SEO expert walks into a bar bars pub public house Irish pub tavern bartender beer liquor wine alcohol spirits...
